release: v1.50.0 (#5556)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_bnjjj_fix_coprocessor_with_subs.md

> ### make coprocessors work with subscriptions ([PR #5542](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5542))
> 
> Do not override skipped data from serde when you returns a body from a coprocessor response stage.

Reviewer: cc @bnjjj , not sure this level of implementation detail is needed, is this enough:

```suggestion
### Enable coprocessors for subscriptions ([PR #5542](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5542))

Ensures that coprocessors correctly handle subscriptions by preventing skipped data from being overwritten.
```
